(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the
other Digi-destined,
alongside their partner Digimon,
continue their quest to prevent
the revival of Millenniummon,
the bringer of destruction.
And so, they journey
on toward the FAGA,
the Sealed Grounds.
The eight Digi-destined
have finally been reunited.
Together, they've endured
fearsome sandstorms
and swum the ocean's
depths, and now, at last,
they've arrived at...
Look! There it is!
Up ahead!
Oh, I'm glad to see
it's still there.
The haven for traveling Digimon.
So it's like an oasis, huh?
The perfect spot to take a
little break and rest up.
'Cause we'll need to
be rested and ready
for all of the battles ahead.
(Kari giggling)
[Izzy] I can sense quite
a bit of history here.
It hasn't been
abandoned, has it?
(Sora sniffing)
I smell something.
Yeah, something yummy!
I want some, whatever it is!
Hey Mimi, can we go look?
Yeah!
I'm starving!
Okay.
But let's be careful, everyone!
Come on, Joe.
Don't you wanna go, too?
Yeah, okay.
But are we sure it's safe?
(birds chirping)
[Matt] Well, there
doesn't seem to be any
danger around here
at the moment.
[Gatomon] Now we just need to
find a place for Komondomon.
(Komondomon barking)
Whoa!
(group gasping)
(bright piano music)
Whoa.
This place is poppin'.
Yeah, and not a scary
Digimon in sight.
They all look so happy.
Hey, wait!
Aren't those things...
Mimi!
Hamburgers!
Those are the tasty things you
told me about before, right?
Why would they have food
from our world here?
'Cause they're delicious.
Have one, Sora.
Are you sure we can
take these burgers?
Sure!
As many as you want!
Burgers!
Homemade hamburgers
handmade from scratch!
(Burgermon giggling)
And they're free?
Whoa. You for real?
[Burgermon] You betcha!
Wow! Thanks a lot!
What's your name?
Burgermon!
(birds chirping)
(Tai humming)
That's a good burger!
It's seriously tasty!
-Oh yeah.
-I'll say!
[Tai] Who would've
thought you could get
a burger like this
here, of all places?
[Mimi] I know, right?
So good!
You could sell these.
Never thought I'd find
a place like this here.
(Joe gasping)
It's kind of like one of those
rest stops you see
out on a road trip.
What are those?
You've never seen one?
My family always
travels by plane.
[Sora] Really?
What's going on?
-(Mimi gasping)
-(Sora gasping)
Why is it that no one's
eating the french fries?
I'm eating 'em.
Not you guys!
I'm talking about all
these other Digimon!
Look!
They're leaving all
those fries untouched!
Maybe it's just
that french fries
aren't that popular
with Digimon.
They are kind of
tricky to pick up.
That's the worst
reason I've ever heard!
Without french
fries on the side,
a hamburger is nothing!
Everybody likes to eat fries!
To not like french fries,
you'd have to be insane!
You done?
So you've been to this
place before, Gatomon?
Yes. Though it seems to
have aged a lot since then.
But at least it's still here,
which is good because
we certainly need...
(group gasping)
[Tentomon] What's going on?
[Izzy] It's like a sandstorm!
(Komondomon panting)
Oh no.
What is it, Komondomon?
Aw.
Are you itchy?
(Komondomon barking)
Komondomon's itchy
from the sand.
Yeah, well, that's
gonna happen when you
travel through
deserts and jungle.
He does look pretty dirty.
I guess Komondomon needs a bath.
I wonder if there's a...
-(Komondomon groaning)
-(magical music)
There's another Komondomon?
(Komondomon barking)
So our Komondomon's
not the only one.
Looks like the other
Komondomon got a bath.
Where are all the
bubbles coming from?
Lop-ear Ripple!
-(dreamy music)
-(group gasping)
(Kari gasping)
They've all gotten
a bubble bath!
Thank you all for waiting.
My name is Lunamon.
Don't worry.
I'll make you sparkly clean!
No thanks.
I'm good.
You think so?
[Tentomon] I see.
So this is how they get washed.
Tankmon?
(Tankmon growling)
Jeez.
What a big sleepy head.
[Izzy] There are
Tankmon here, too?
[Gatomon] They're
Mercenary Digimon.
This is how they relax
when they're not working.
(Joe giggling) Yup.
They're simply the best.
There's no one who
doesn't just love 'em.
(Joe humming)
I mean it!
Fries are the
stars of fast food!
[Gomamon] They are?
You know, that reminds me.
Sometimes after cram school,
I'd sneak to the
burger shop without
telling my parents.
I'd spend my allowance
on a small order
of fries and slowly savor
them, one at a time.
(dreamy music)
Good times.
The only moments of peace
I had between exams.
Then it was back to studying.
Yup, just me and my fries.
(Joe gasping)
Thank you for
sharing your fries!
(Potamon humming)
Yummy in my tummy, potato.
There you are, Potamon!
Potamon?
Look what I've got for you!
Chow down, buddy!
Talk about a bottomless pit!
Wow, impressive!
Yum, yum, yum, yum!
Hey there.
So you like fries, huh?
(Potamon burping)
(Joe yelling)
(Joe giggling)
Yeah. The only one
of us here who likes
to eat fries is Potamon.
Then we agree!
So good, right?
Nice and crispy on the
outside, and on the inside,
so warm and succulent.
It's like having
heaven in your mouth!
They're absolutely brilliant!
-Potato cheers!
-(Joe giggling)
-(Potamon giggling)
I think they've become friends!
Yup. Just a couple
of potato buddies.
-We're potato buds!
-Potato buds, potato buds!
You too, Gomamon!
Come on!
You're right.
It's delicious!
Right? So you're a
potato bud too now!
[Potamon] Potato
buds, potato buds!
-Potato buds, potato buds!
Potamon.
Huh?
I'm afraid
today's the last
day we serve fries.
-(Potamon gasping)
-(Joe gasping)
No more fries, really?
What made you decide to
take them off the menu?
Well, it was a group decision.
(Potamon growling)
That's a lot of fries, buddy.
(Potamon whimpering)
Wait.
Hold on!
(Potamon growling)
I think Potamon
wants to be alone.
Oh wow.
It means a lot to
you, doesn't it?
(Potamon growling)
Potamon.
[Kari] Tai.
Oh. Sup, Kari?
Did something happen?
Well, kind of, yeah.
But wait.
What's with the broom?
Lop-ear Ripple!
(Komondomon barking)
(dreamy music)
Poor guy.
(dreamy flute music)
Aw, cheer up.
(Joe sighing)
Look what I got.
Oh, thanks.
[Gomamon] So good, right?
That's more like it.
Our leader shouldn't go around
with a gloomy face.
[Gatomon] He's the leader?
That hits the spot.
Thanks buddy.
You're right. I can't let
these things get me down.
(Joe yelling)
(thud)
Joe! You okay?
He beefed it.
Who said I beefed it?
I did not!
Huh?
How come that didn't hurt?
Is he all right?
Yes.
Lunamon's bubbles are as
soft and fluffy as clouds.
Hey, you're right!
That's amazing!
Discontinued.
How could they?
(Potamon crying)
No more potato.
Potato.
Goodbye.
-(mysterious music)
-No way!
Tato!
What's that?
I'm not sure, but
it's coming this way!
It looks like...
Something is digivolving.
(suspenseful music)
[Jagamon] Tato!
Are those potatoes?
(suspenseful music)
[Jagamon] Tato!
Heads up, you guys!
(Agumon growling)
(potatoes exploding)
-(alarm ringing)
-(Izzy gasping)
Komondomon, get away from it!
(Komondomon barking)
(potato exploding)
(Tai yelling)
Did that potato just explode?
(Digimon yelling)
Please stop it!
You're disturbing
our peaceful oasis!
[Tai] Watch out!
I think the burger
stand is closed.
Talk about a pickle.
(suspenseful music)
(potato exploding)
Step on it, Garurumon!
[Garurumon] You got it!
Tato!
(potatoes exploding)
Agumon, digivolve to!
Greymon!
(potato exploding)
[Tai] Matt! Take all these
other Digimon to a safe place
while you still can!
I'm on it!
(potato exploding)
(Garurumon growling)
-(potatoes exploding)
-(intense orchestra music)
[Birdramon] We're
flying together now!
[Pegasusmon] Equus Beam!
(Togemon growling)
[Togemon] Needle Spray!
(potatoes exploding)
(Mimi yelling)
It's raining potatoes!
Gomamon!
Gomamon digivolve to!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon!
(Ikkakumon growling)
[Izzy] Got it!
That's Jagamon, an
Ultimate Digimon!
Tato!
Hot potato, incoming!
(Joe yelling)
(Jagamon gasping)
No!
My last french fries!
-(suspenseful music)
-(Joe yelling)
[Ikkakumon] Joe!
Tato!
(Joe yelling)
[Joe] Huh?
[Ikkakumon] The fries?
[Tai] Huh?
(Jagamon burping)
Wait a sec.
I know that belch.
[Ikkakumon] Joe, you all right?
[Joe] That's Potamon!
No doubt about it.
Jagamon definitely
digivolved from Potamon!
Little Potamon?
The one at the diner?
That's right.
It's him for sure.
My potato bud!
[Ikkakumon] But why
did Potamon digivolve?
[Joe] I think I know.
[Ikkakumon] Huh?
The sorrow he felt at not
being able to eat fries.
That's what made Potamon
turn into what he is now.
(Jagamon growling)
Come on, everybody!
Will you lend me a hand?
Will you help me save Jagamon?
Thanks, guys.
(Jagamon chuckling evilly)
Jagamon, it's me!
Your old potato bud, Joe!
Remember when we ate
french fries together?
Tato!
(Joe yelling)
(intense orchestra music)
(Joe whimpering)
(Gatomon yelling)
(intense orchestra music)
[Tentomon] Oh, look at that.
A potato ring.
[Izzy] Their rotating force
strengthens its
attacks and defenses!
We can't just rush in.
It's far too dangerous.
All right!
Then we've gotta stop that
potato ring from spinning!
[Izzy] Here they come!
-(Jagamon growling)
-(suspenseful music)
(Greymon growling)
(Ikkakumon growling)
(Togemon yelling)
(suspenseful music)
-It's slipping!
[Mimi] Huh?
It didn't explode!
But why not?
That's it!
Lunamon's bubbles stopped it!
You're right.
We may be able to
neutralize that
potato ring with
Lunamon's bubbles.
Komondomon's completely
covered in them.
If we blow they off onto
the ring all at once...
Mimi, bring Komondomon here.
[Mimi] Huh?
Oh, okay.
What is it?
I have a plan.
Follow my lead!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon,
digivolve to!
[Zudomon] Zudomon!
Tato!
Ready Mimi?
[Togemon] We're here
and ready for duty!
[Mimi] So what do
you want us to do?
Make use of the shockwaves
created by my hammer!
Exactly.
Get Komondomon!
Put him in front of Zudomon!
(Jagamon growling)
Are you sure you want this now?
[Zudomon] Order up!
[Jagamon] Tato!
Careful, Zudomon!
(Zudomon growling)
You totally missed!
Wait for it.
(upbeat rock music)
[Jagamon] Tato?
It worked!
[Greymon] Nice!
Perfect!
Now they won't explode.
You ready?
Hey Joe, Zudomon, let's
put my powers to use!
(upbeat rock music)
Gatomon, digivolve to!
(bells ringing)
Angewomon!
(Joe gasping)
Celestial Arrow!
(upbeat rock music)
[Zudomon] All right!
Now then, put your heart
into that hammer, Joe.
And let Jagamon feel it!
Zudomon!
(upbeat rock music)
[Joe Voiceover]
Come on, Jagamon.
Go back to being your
old fry-loving self.
[Zudomon] Joe!
Let's go!
(Zudomon growling)
(Joe yelling)
Jagamon!
(upbeat rock music)
[Jagamon] Tato!
(potatoes exploding)
[Zudomon] Huh?
[Joe] Jagamon?
[Jagamon] Tato?
You know me now, don't cha?
(Jagamon humming)
You're back!
My potato bud!
We did it, Joe.
[Kari] Thank you, Angewomon.
The Celestial Digimon
raised Zudomon's power.
And on top of that,
it also helped Joe level
up as a leader, too.
They're all amazing.
How interesting.
Good thing you beefed it.
Yeah, it was a real good
thing you beefed it, Joe.
Enough!
I didn't beef anything!
So is Joe just the
oldest one of you
or is he our leader?
I would say he's both.
[Birdramon] Good.
They got through it somehow.
[Sora] Man, there are
potatoes everywhere.
We could make a ton
of potato salad.
(Sora gasping)
(dreamy music)
We've got all
kinds of new potato
dishes on the menu!
We love 'em!
We can thank Jagamon
for all the potatoes.
I hope you'll always
treasure the time
you spend with your fries,
just as I always have.
Tato.
[TK] Hey, you're all
sparkly clean, Komondomon.
(Komondomon barking)
[Lunamon] Take these
bubbles so you can
wash up anytime you want.
[Kari] Thank you, Lunamon.
All right!
Let's move out!
-(group giggling)
-Goodbye, potato bud!
Until next time!
[Jagamon] Tato!
(Komondomon howling)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Lopmon, a mysterious Digimon
with an unknown nature.
Lopmon uses both
ears to generate
a tiny tornado
called Tiny Twister.
Now check this out.
When I asked Patamon
for information
about this type of
mysterious Digimon,
since they kind of look alike,
all Patamon could tell me was,
"I think those big ears must
give Lopmon a stiff neck."
(inspirational music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Tai and
Sora resort to their
cooperate killer shot as they
try to defeat Toropiamon.
[Tai Voiceover] Next time
on "Digimon Adventure:
Strike!
The Killer Shot."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.